README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://rysthcraft.netlify.app/img/LOGO-ONLY.svg" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>
  <h3><b>John Palacios - RysthCraft</b></h3>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
    - [Future Features](#future-features)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Commands](#commands)
  - [Test](#test)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 REACT PROJECT NAME <a name="about-project"></a>

- **REACT PROJECT NAME** ...

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

- [HTML](https://www.w3schools.com/html/)
- [CSS](https://www.w3schools.com/css/)
- [JavaScript](https://www.w3schools.com/js/)
- [React](https://react.dev/)

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- Feature 1
- Feature 2
- Feature 3

### Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- Future Feature 1
- Future Feature 2
- Future Feature 3

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Setup <a name="setup"></a>

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```
git clone https://github.com/Rysth/REACT-Template.git
cd REACT-Template
code . (To open VS Code Editor)
```

Then, you will change everything you want!

### Commands <a name="commands"></a>

- ✔️ _npm start_:
  Runs the app in the development mode. Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in the browser.

- ✔️ _npm test_:
  Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode. See the section about running tests for more information.

- ✔️ _npm run build_:
  Builds the app for production to the build folder. It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

### Test <a name="test"></a>

In order to follow the Linters you could check them using this:

```
CSS Checker:
npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"

ESLint Checker:
npx eslint "**/*.{js,jsx}"
```

_Use at the end '--fix' to help you out with any error._

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **John Palacios**

- GitHub: [@rysthcraft](https://github.com/Rysth)
- Linkedin: [@johnpalacios](https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-rysthcraft/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project feel free to watch it and take some features that will enhance your project
as well.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank the Microverse Team for reviewing my code and making me a better
professional.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE.md) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Update README, LICENSE, and CSS styles in the whole website.

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://rysthcraft.netlify.app/img/LOGO-ONLY.svg" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>
  <h3><b>John Palacios - RysthCraft</b></h3>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
    - [Future Features](#future-features)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Commands](#commands)
  - [Test](#test)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 REACT Bookstore <a name="about-project"></a>

- **REACT Bookstore** is a website where users can found their favorites Books being able to comment, edit, remove or update their progress. Built with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and React.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

- [HTML](https://www.w3schools.com/html/)
- [CSS](https://www.w3schools.com/css/)
- [JavaScript](https://www.w3schools.com/js/)
- [React](https://react.dev/)

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- Display a list of books
- Add a book
- Remove a selected book

### Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- Implement a DataBase
- Deploy the Application in Render

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Setup <a name="setup"></a>

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```
git clone https://github.com/Rysth/REACT-Bookstore.git
cd REACT-Bookstore
code . (To open VS Code Editor)
```

Then, you will change everything you want!

### Commands <a name="commands"></a>

- ✔️ _npm start_:
  Runs the app in the development mode. Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in the browser.

- ✔️ _npm test_:
  Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode. See the section about running tests for more information.

- ✔️ _npm run build_:
  Builds the app for production to the build folder. It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

### Test <a name="test"></a>

In order to follow the Linters you could check them using this:

```
CSS Checker:
npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"

ESLint Checker:
npx eslint "**/*.{js,jsx}"
```

_Use at the end '--fix' to help you out with any error._

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **John Palacios**

- GitHub: [@rysthcraft](https://github.com/Rysth)
- Linkedin: [@johnpalacios](https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-rysthcraft/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project feel free to watch it and take some features that will enhance your project
as well.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank the Microverse Team for reviewing my code and making me a better
professional.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE.md) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
